# Aeroelasticity
A collection of linear and non-linear aeroelasticity analyses for fixed and rotary wing aircraft, developed for academic purposes at Politecnico di Milano.  

# About this repo: 
- "Goland Wing" contains a flutter analysis of the Goland Wing benchmark, in a two step method. First, a modal analysis of the wing is performed using finite elements. The resulting modes are then used as shape functions for discretizing the weak formulation of the aeroelastic equations (based on the Principle of Virtual Work). A PK method is used to identify the flutter point. The folder includes a sensitivity analysis, a comparison between cases with and without a flap and with and without a tip mass, a simple correction for compressibility, and a control reversal analysis. "Report.pdf" outlines the analysis and contextualises the main results. It is strongly recommended to look at it before delving into the code. 
- "Puma Blade Pitch Flap Flutter" contains a pitch-flap flutter analysis of a Puma Helicopter blade in hover, considering centrifugal stiffness.  Different aerodynamic models are investigated and compared, and a stability map is developed to establish a flutter boundary considering variations in the blade's chordwise center of gravity and the pitch control chain stiffness. "Report.pdf" provides an overview of the analysis methodology (very similar to that in "Goland Wing") and presents the results. It is strongly recommended to read it before addressing the code.
- "LCO in Goland Wing with Freeplay" contains an analysis of Limit Cycle Oscillations in the Goland wing (with flap) model developed in "Goland Wing". It uses a sinusoidal input describing function (SIDF) to identify limit cycles and assess their stability. "Presentation.pptx" outlines the methodology and discusses the results, along with a visualisation of the oscillation. A pdf version of the presentation is also provided, but the animation only works in the pptx version. It is strongly advised to read it before exploring the implementation. 
